Update Dockerfile and Vagrantfile for the classroom exercises (#75)
udacity/nd064_course_1: exercises/README.md

## Exercise Starter Code
The current folder conatins the following starter code for the classroom exercises:
```bash
.
├── Vagrantfile        # Vagrant exercise
├── go-helloworld      # Docker and Kubernetes exercise
│   ├── README.md
│   └── main.go
├── manifests
│   ├── configmap.yaml
│   ├── deployment.yaml
│   ├── namespace.yaml
│   └── service.yaml

> └── python-helloworld  # Docker Walkthrough code  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
└── python-helloworld  # Docker walkthrough code  
```

    ├── app.py
    └── requirements.txt
```

> **Note** that the specified `config.vm.box_version` in the Vagrantfile updates with time. You will have to change it from 242 shown in the video demo above to a newer version. When a particular version used in Vagrantfile becomes deprecated, the command prompt will show you all available newer versions. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: the specified `config.vm.box_version` in the Vagrantfile updates with time. You will have to change it from `212` shown in the demo video above to a newer version. When a particular version used in Vagrantfile becomes deprecated, the command prompt will show you all available newer versions. 
```
